1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

  Values: 6,'hello'
  Expressions: *,-,/,+

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
  Variable: A variable is something which contains any value. It is basically a container to store any value. That value can be int,float or a string.
  String: A string is a type of data which usually represents text or words and even sentences. In Python strings are denoted by "". Example: "Kshitij"
  
3. Describe three different data types.
  3 Different data types in Python are:
    a. String - "Kshitij"
    b. Float - 2.341
    c. Integers - 23
    
4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
  Expressions are something which are bounded with arithmetical symbols which are called operators.
  Example: 3+8
  Expressions help us to establish logical relationship between variables and operands with the help of operators.

5. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

  The resultant output will be 23.

6.What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam'*3
 
  The result of both the statements would be the same. 'spamspamspam'
 
7.Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
  In python we follow some conventions and keeping those conventions in mind we cannot start a variable name with a number. A number itself cannot be a variable. That is why eggs can be a variable but 100 cannot be one.


8.What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?
  if we take for an example a value i.e. 24
  then for making it int we can wrte it as int(24), for float it can be float(24) and lastly for string it can be str(24) .
  
9.Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos.'
  This error happens when we try to add different data types. Here we are trying to add a string with an integer. 
  To fix the issue we can typecast the integer as a string by writing the below code:
    'I have eaten' + str(99) + 'burritos.'
